hello everyone this is Gloria balding
for poker news and sitting next to me is
a man known by many of you patch Grant
Onias Patrick how are you right now
pretty good now World Series of Poker
Europe as a fan are you proud to see the
growth of and really explosion of poker
in Europe yeah I mean the EP tees are
growing and this event should be growing
and I'm very happy about it I love to
play poker in Europe so I think it's
just way more nicer to play here than in
states or or anything like this it's
since I moved to Monaco to its I would
like to really see all the big events
here they're coming I swear yeah now
it's not even surprising anymore it's
just it's like natural that there there
are big events but it's it's still
everything is just going to the right
right way now do you ever get tired of
people commenting on how attractive you
are and not focusing on your game player
that's what I am I'll get everything
else just seems so much of the media
focuses on how good-looking or either
I'm thinking you have to get tired of it
sometimes I mean they just pick up so
they pick some people you know that they
want to talk like all these forums and
you know it is what it is I just did it
or imagine I mean I'm just happy you
know
I'm doing prove Allen poker so that's
all that matters to me so when it comes
to Scandinavians specifically they've
gained a reputation for being very
aggressive do you try to distance
yourself from that or do you think
that's the best thing ever I mean
everybody's unique I mean I would say
that Europeans is canon Davis there are
more younger players so people think
they play more Wilder because they're
younger they like to play more
aggressive it's just the nature of you
know young young people and you always
just have to figure out you know
everybody how everybody plays it's it's
like they are more aggressive and an
Americans are more older and more
passive and that's the best way it is
but it's you always you just have to
figure out every single individual
player every time but how do they play
and that's how you can make the right
decisions it's that's the always the
name of the game your you've such a
great reputation for being such a strong
poker player but where do you continue
to learning it better is there anyone
that you learn from how do I learn to
get better well I I'm trying to improve
all the time that when I'm not playing
I'm thinking about the situations that I
I play with certain players usually this
more forecast games I I play with the
same players all the time and there's
some times there's some newcomers and
you trying to figure out how to how do
they play and you're just trying to
think all the six phases like how you've
been playing with them and how you can
probably do something a little different
now that you should change I'd like to
change my game a little bit all the time
and and what comes to the understanding
of the game I think I think that's we're
all pretty far in
games but there's a lot of new games to
that I need to get a better and and it's
it's a learning process I think I just
hoped it's not gonna be appointed when
my games gonna go a little bit down huh
I like where I'm at now and I think the
biggest part in in a learning process
you do when you're not playing poker
that when you quit your session playing
you have to think all the situations
that what you could have done
differently where you could have said
money did you make any bad decisions and
why did you make those and and then just
think about the next time like how you
gonna try to do better and remember if
you made any mistakes that you're not
gonna do with those mistakes again you
know you only learn from your own
mistakes I think there seem to be so
many great players coming out of the
woodwork that it seems poker is getting
harder to make money out because all the
players seem to be getting better and
better do you find that's the case yeah
I think I think the average level
whatever people are playing there
they're all now better and more exited
more experienced players there and for
the high stakes I think also everything
is it's a little tougher but on the
other hand there's so much more players
so it's it's it's more yeah more faces
too so it's easier to find a final table
stuff but if I cope if I go back to like
six years seven six five years four
years when those games were very low
very low I think you know no one could
play decently good poker it was all all
bad players you know that's my opinion
they're just hard and soft down the
games are just hard and soft now yeah
but I mean it's just there's a lot of
players that they come they come to the
they come to the poker world and they
they've been a lot of money they stop
playing high-stakes and they have a very
strong game they play six months very
strong poker or a couple of months and
then in one point they start steaming
and when they when they go for losing
straight they they can handle those as
well and then they end up I guess making
a little bit bad place and and it's just
you know it's a tougher you have to
survive you have to be mentally very
tough and prepare for everything and and
and then so there's a lot of lot of
players come and go all the time and you
just try to survive and stay there you
know do you see do you see yourself in
poker forever
at least I saved myself of a couple of
years I read the headline now Patrick
Antonia says he's quitting poker it's
not the case guys it's not the case I
hope I can I hope I could if I could
just play the highest games with the
best players in twenty years later for
this moment I would be more than happy I
mean I know there's so many tough good
intelligent players new players coming
who will study like I mean the best
whoever's the best player is who makes
the least mistakes and make the it's not
like who makes the greatest place if you
make a lot of mistakes you know you just
don't want to give anything anything
away so so there's gonna be so many so
many top players in future for sure
there's a lot of a lot of players
already changing in a big game and and
so if I'm if I'm gonna be there in 20
years I'm I've done pretty good
well thank you so much Patrick it's been
a pleasure thanks thanks Larry for
pokernews.com I'm Gloria balding